Cookiejars exposed (#6218)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/downloader-middleware.rst

    [...]

.. _cookiejars:

> Direct access to cookiejars from spider

Reviewer: Maybe this section could go before `COOKIES_ENABLED`?

Author: I am not sure about this. Obviously `COOKIES_ENABLED` is more important than this, then as I think it should be after as it placed now

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> On some cases it is required to directly set specific values to existing cookiejar

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In some cases it is required to directly set specific values in an existing
cookiejar.
```
